gcov: add page (#4723)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/gcov.md

# gcov

> > Code coverage analysis and profiling tool. Discover untested parts of your program.
> > Get copy of source code annotated with execution frequencies of code segments.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Code coverage analysis and profiling tool that discovers untested parts of a program.
> Also displays a copy of source code annotated with execution frequencies of code segments.
```

> > More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/1/gcov>.

Reviewer 2: I prefer the official website
```suggestion
> More information: <https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Invoking-Gcov.html>.
```

> - Generate coverage report named `file.cpp.gcov`:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Generate a coverage report named `file.cpp.gcov`:
```

`gcov {{path/to/file.cpp}}`

- Write individual execution counts for every basic block:

> `gcov {{-a|--all-blocks}} {{path/to/file.cpp}}`

Reviewer 2: We just use the long argument format:
```suggestion
`gcov {{--all-blocks}} {{path/to/file.cpp}}`
```

Reviewer: Not sure we need token syntax on the `--all-blocks` there?

> - Write branch frequencies to output file and summary info to standard output as a percentage:

Reviewer 2: I think this can be clear:
```suggestion
- Write branch frequencies to output file and print summary information to `stdout` as a percentage:
```

> - Write branch frequencies to output file and print summary information to `stdout` as a percentage:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Write branch frequencies to the output file and print summary information to `stdout` as a percentage:
```

> `gcov {{-b|--branch-probabilities}} {{path/to/file.cpp}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gcov {{--branch-probabilities}} {{path/to/file.cpp}}`
```

- Write branch frequencies as the number of branches taken, rather than the percentage:

> `gcov {{-c|--branch-counts}} {{path/to/file.cpp}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gcov {{--branch-counts}} {{path/to/file.cpp}}`
```

Reviewer: Same here

> - Do not create `gcov` output file:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Do not create a `gcov` output file:
```

Also, what kind of file is this? Is it just 1 of many output files, or the only one?

> `gcov {{-n|--no-output}} {{path/to/file.cpp}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gcov {{--no-output}} {{path/to/file.cpp}}`
```

> - Output file level as well as function level summaries:

Reviewer 2: :thinking:  Output (write) to the file? Why you changed the verb?

> `gcov {{-f|--function-summaries}} {{path/to/file.cpp}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gcov {{--function-summaries}} {{path/to/file.cpp}}`
```
